[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>And I'm just going to show
you some slides of where
the Flower of Life
has been found
around the world and the
information associated with it.
And this is in Greece in Crete.
And you see the dolphins
here, and the Flowers
of Life information on the
floor, and the original petal
from it.
And this is in Ireland.
I'm just going to show
you places all over.
This one's really good.
This is a door plate, so a
door handle goes through here.
And you say the 13 circles
of the Fruit of Life.
These three form a Star of
David around these three
with a Star of
David in the middle.
And look carefully in here.
And you see the inner pattern
of the Flower of Life.
And more-- these three
all have the inner pattern
of the Flower of
Life inside of here.
And it's a circle with two lines
around it and all this stuff.
It's pretty good.
Anyway, that came
out of Ireland.
This came out of Turkey,
the Six Days of Genesis.
You actually not only see
the Six Days of Genesis,
but you see this panel of
the Six Days of Genesis
and these two side-by-side.
This is the inner six-- this
is the-- where is that thing,
anyway?
If you look at the central
one, you see inner six petals.
>>Mhm.
>>And you'll see this over,
and over, and over, and over
around the world.
You'll see that one.
And then right beside it,
it will show the inner one,
with these other
six loops around it,
these six loops here.
And that's, like,
the minimum amount
of information,
those three patterns,
for the Flower of Life.
And another place that
you'll see those same three
patterns all over is at the
Monastery of Saint Catherine.
When you go up to Sinai where
Moses found the Burning Bush
and talked to God, there's
a Coptic monastery there.
And when I went in
there-- they won't
let you take cameras in there.
But it's all over the ceiling.
We already know the Coptics
were involved in this.
But even in modern
day time, they still
have the information
on the ceiling.
This thing here
in the background
was an image that we took
off of a wooden box, which
is the Seed of Life.
And the wooden box
was found in Tibet.
And it's Seed of Life.
And what was found inside
of it was an instrument
for planting seeds.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
And so if you're going to keep
a seed planter in something,
it would be very appropriate,
especially if you
knew what that image was.
And this image here,
which we took out
of the Flower of Life-- remember
when we had that symbol and all
that stuff-- when
you color it in,
is the Yin Yang
of the Tao symbol.
And again, all though
I have not really
gone into it, the "Tao Te
Ching" and the "I Ching,"
and 64 changes to
the "I Ching," all
that information, which
is one of the oldest
books in the world, is
all directly related
to the Flower of Life.
This is Masada, Israel, which
is where the original 300
Egyptian members of the Egyptian
Mystery School of Akhenaten
after they had
risen to immortality
in about approximately
500 BC went to this place
and formed their little city.
And if you go into the
center of this ruins
to this ancient church
and into the middle
of that church-- and
this is the floor
of the center of their church.
You can't see it here, because
this is a copy, of a copy,
of a copy of the slide.
But I did have the original.
And this is the Flower
of Life pattern.
Most of the floor is gone.
But this pattern right in here,
if you can clearly see it,
is very, very clearly the outer
rim of the Flower of Life,
showing that the Essene
brotherhood also knew
with the Flower of Life was.
But then since the
Coptics and the Essenes
are both, from
our point of view,
coming from the same source,
it's not too unusual.
This is coming out of India.
And the Nakkal Mystery
School went into India
a long time ago, giving all
the geometrical information
from Atlantis.
And the Sri Yantra and
all these kinds of things
are all the
geometrical patterns.
Like in here, of the
six stars around one
and everything are all
the geometrical patterns
of this information.
Their very temples are laid
out into this information--
every stone.
It's just like in Egypt.
Those temples there are
also equally involved
in this same information.
This is also Hindu.
This is my drawing, but I
copied it from a mandala.
It's a Hindu mandala on tantra.
And this is 2,000 years old.
And when you look carefully
at the information
inside of here--
somebody take this thing.
I don't know if that's
what's doing it or not.
I'm not sure.
You got these seven triangles
in here with the purple.
And of course, you guys know
now what that is, especially
when you look at this thing.
It's the star tetrahedral field.
Now this is Tantra
we're talking about.
And they're discussing Tantra
and simultaneously discussing
conception.
And remember, the egg turns
into one of these things,
the original eight cells.
And then it becomes
a cube, which
is the cubicle nature of it.
And they show the star
tetrahedral field.
And another way of depicting
a cube on a flat field
is two squares.
And all of that is
inside a round sphere
with two lines going around it,
the inner and outer surface.
So they're showing-- this is the
metaphysics inside of the ovum.
And then out here,
you see eight organic
looking cells that go to
16 organic looking cells,
showing that they knew about the
binary sequence of the nature
of life, which they
weren't supposed
to know 2,000 years ago.
And then they also put a dot
on every other one, which
to me is showing that the
original egg remained unique
and to themselves.
And all of that goes back into
a sphere, which the process does
do.
It goes from a sphere to
these other forms in here
and then back to a sphere.
And behind here,
you see the square
that forms the Phi Ratio,
giving you the Ratio of Life.
And it's a remarkable piece of
work considering how ancient it
is and what it's talking about.
And this one here, I'm not
going to let you see yet.
[LAUGHTER]
Because I've been
waiting so long.
This one's great.
[LAUGHTER]
OK, if everybody
will come up close.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
You get to see this one finally.
Do you remember when we go
and we talked about Abydos.
And in Abydos, I
said there would
be something on
that ceiling which
would prove to you that the
Egyptians could see the future.
And this is-- wait a minute.
Where is it?
[INAUDIBLE]
OK, now watch it.
Just look where I'm
showing you first.
Look down here.
And you see this B with
a staff up in here?
>>Right.
>>That's another symbol
for the left eye of Horus
and the emotional body.
And you look up here,
and you see the B again.
And you see the staff.
And then over here, you
see an attack helicopter.
>>Yeah.
>>Oh.
>>Ah.
>>And over here, you see a
tank facing back and another
airplane--
>>Oh.
>>--and what appears
similar to the AWACS--
a sphere with an eagle
looking over this way.
The planes and the eagle
are facing that way.
The tank is facing back.
And these are like those
Patriot missile symbols,
which are those square things.
None of these symbols
exist anywhere else
in Egypt, not these or anything,
none of those hieroglyphics.
And there's only one war where
the airplane, and the tank,
and the helicopter, all
three of those things
was in widespread use.
And that was in Iraq.
>>It wasn't the Six Day?
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Six Day War?
>>The Six Day War?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Was that a tank war?
>>I don't know.
I'm asking.
Was it?
>>Yeah, that was a tank war.
They had helicopters.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>Was it an air war though?
>>Oh yeah, but--
>>The helicopter and the
jets weren't widespread.
>>But who is the eagle though?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
That was an Israeli war.
[LAUGHTER]
>>That could have signified
the United States, the eagle.
>>Huh?
>>It could have signified
the United States, the eagle.
>>Well, that's what I
mean is if it was Israeli,
they probably would have a Star
of David there or something.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>No, in Vietnam, there
was really no tanks.
It was a helicopter war, but--
>>They didn't have that
kind of helicopter.
>>That's true.
This is a new helicopter.
This is someone else
who was in the military
here who was there once when he
goes, that's the brand new one.
[LAUGHTER]
Really-- And he was blown away.
This is the one that
they use in Iraq.
>>Wow.
>>And they can't endure it.
And so people came
in and [INAUDIBLE].
>>Ah.
>>This one look like
those two big guns
that he's supposed to have.
Are you interested in adding
to your collection of where
these--
>>Yeah.
[CHATTER]
>>Now there's one more thing.
This is very important.
This slide's very important.
Please read it.
>>We are not human beings
having a spiritual experience.
We are spiritual beings
having a human experience.
[LAUGHTER]
>>That is a very
important point of view.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
OK, back to the Makaba,
which this is about.
This is closing the School
of the Right Eye of Horus.
And this is
Machiventa Melchizedek
holding the Holy Grail--
[? >> Who is Machi-- ?]
Machiventa Melchizedek
he's the one
that's been here for
200,000 years protecting us.
>>That's a very long time.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>Right-- holding
the Holy Grail,
which is the-- the focus will
soon be on England and the Holy
Grail and what
this is all about.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>And that's the
end of the slides.
[APPLAUSE]